first I have to asign the HTML elements to variable names  


A function in JavaScript is similar to a procedure—a set of statements that performs
 a task or calculates a value, but for a procedure to qualify as a function, it should
 take some input and return an output where there is some obvious relationship between 
the input and the output. To use a function, you must define it somewhere in the scope 
from which you wish to call it

When we pass a function into another function we call it a 'callback'. addEventListener 
is a good example. The second parameter (listener) that it is expecting should be a 
function. This function will get called when the event we are listening for happens.


AJAX stands for Asynchronous Javascript And Xml. It is a collection of technologies that 
allow a webpage to make a request to a server after it has loaded for additional 
information. The requests are Asynchronous in that the program the made them does not wait
 around doing nothing until they come back...it will move on and do more stuff, the 
requests are made with Javascript, but they don't often return XML anymore. 
Most often now you will get the information back as JSON.

 The simplest use of fetch() takes one argument — the path to the resource you want
 to fetch — and does not directly return the JSON response body but instead returns a 
promise that resolves with a Response object.

The Response object, in turn, does not directly contain the actual JSON response body
 but is instead a representation of the entire HTTP response. So, to extract the JSON 
body content from the Response object, we use the json() method, which returns a second
 promise that resolves with the result of parsing the response body text as JSON.

Defined objects allow us to mingle different types of data together, and build 
relationships between the data. Using the medication example, you could put a bunch of 
objects in an array. Each of these objects would hold one medication's name, its 
manufacturer, its best-by date, the amount of the medication on hand, and if that amount
is a count or a volume in liters, milliliters, etc.

The innerText property returns: Just the text content of the element and all its children,
 without CSS hidden text spacing and tags, except <script> and <style> 